# MyPortfolio

This C++ project, the Corner Grocer Item Tracker, developed for CS-210 Programming Languages, analyzes a text document containing a list of grocery items then collects the number of times the item is listed in the document and puts the information into both a map and writes it to a dat file. The program also displays a menu and takes in user input, which is then used to return information in various formats or exit the program, depending on the selected option. The problem being solved is the analysis, organization, and tracking of store inventory/items on the list.
I feel like I did well in my use of class files and general organization of the project code. I can improve on things like the quality and quantity of my in-line comments and my understanding of some C++ and general programming elements I used that are new to me. The one of the most challenging pieces of code for me to write was the code interacting with the map since maps were completely new to me. I ended up getting some external help with understanding the code and how maps work, beyond just zyBooks and other provided resources. My programming support network includes some of my friends/peers, on-campus tutors, and various web resources. I think that the concepts I've learned and the ability to use maps will be transferable to other projects and assignments. The way I made the program readable, adaptable, and maintainable was by using more versatile code, keeping code organized with whitespace and ordering, and including comments.
